doc: Release Notes v1.2 (#3579)
projectacrn/acrn-hypervisor: doc/release_notes/release_notes_1.2.rst

a zip or tar.gz file (see the `ACRN v1.2 GitHub release page
<https://github.com/projectacrn/acrn-hypervisor/releases/tag/v1.2>`_)
or use Git clone and checkout commands::

   git clone https://github.com/projectacrn/acrn-hypervisor
   cd acrn-hypervisor
   git checkout v1.2

The project's online technical documentation is also tagged to correspond
with a specific release: generated v1.2 documents can be found at https://projectacrn.github.io/1.2/.

Version 1.2 major features
**************************

What's New in v1.2
==================
* OVMF becomes the only virtual boot loader for Service VM to launch Clearlinux,
  VxWorks or Windows. Secure boot is supported
* Support Kata container
* WaaG: USB host (xHCI) mediator
* Virtualization supports Always Running Timer (ART)
* Various bugfixes and enhancements

Document updates
================
We have many `reference documents available <https://projectacrn.github.io>`_, including:

* :ref:`Using Windows as User VM <using_windows_as_uos>`
* :ref:`How to sign binaries of the Clear Linux image <sign_clear_linux_image>`
* :ref:`Using Celadon as User VM <using_celadon_as_uos>`
* :ref:`SGX Virtualization <sgx_virt>`

> We also updated the following documents based on the **Scenario** in this release, including:

Reviewer: Since I found something else, I noticed this sentence could be improved too:
```
We also updated the following documents based on the newly
defined **Usage Scenarios** in this release, including:
```

- :acrn-issue:`3281` - AcrnGT emulation thread causes high cpu usage when shadowing ppgtt
- :acrn-issue:`3283` - New scenario-based configurations lack documentation
- :acrn-issue:`3341` - Documentation on how to run Windows as a Guest (WaaG)
- :acrn-issue:`3370` - vm_console 2 cannot switch to VM2’s console in hybrid mode
- :acrn-issue:`3374` - Potential interrupt info overwrite in acrn_handle_pending_request
- :acrn-issue:`3379` - DM: Increase hugetlbfs MAX_PATH_LEN from 128 to 256
- :acrn-issue:`3392` - During run UnigenHeaven 3D gfx benchmark in WaaG, RTVM lantency is much long
- :acrn-issue:`3466` - Buffer overflow will happen in 'strncmp' when 'n_arg' is 0
- :acrn-issue:`3467` - Potential risk in virtioi_i2c.c & virtio_console.c
- :acrn-issue:`3469` - [APL NUC] Display goes black while booting; when only one display monitor is connected
- :acrn-issue:`3473` - dm: bugfix for remote launch guest issue
- :acrn-issue:`3480` - Add script to ``acrn-config/target`` and ``acrn-config/host/board_confing``
- :acrn-issue:`3482` - Acrn-hypervisor Root Directory Clean-up and Create misc/ folder for Acrn daemons, services and tools

> - :acrn-issue:`3486` - USB mediator: mediator mode can not recognize the SSD disk in RTVM and LaaG

Reviewer: I just noticed 3486 is in both Fixed Issues and New Features too.

Author: Remove it from the New Feature list, sorry for the mistake.

All project ACRN source code is maintained in the https://github.com/projectacrn/acrn-hypervisor
repository and includes folders for the ACRN hypervisor, the ACRN device
model, tools, and documentation. You can either download this source code as
a zip or tar.gz file (see the `ACRN v1.2 GitHub release page
<https://github.com/projectacrn/acrn-hypervisor/releases/tag/v1.2>`_)
or use Git clone and checkout commands::

   git clone https://github.com/projectacrn/acrn-hypervisor
   cd acrn-hypervisor
   git checkout v1.2

The project's online technical documentation is also tagged to correspond
with a specific release: generated v1.2 documents can be found at https://projectacrn.github.io/1.2/.

Version 1.2 major features
**************************

Document updates
================
We have many `reference documents available <https://projectacrn.github.io>`_, including:

* :ref:`Using Windows as User VM <using_windows_as_uos>`
* :ref:`How to sign binaries of the Clear Linux image <sign_clear_linux_image>`
* :ref:`Using Celadon as User VM <using_celadon_as_uos>`
* :ref:`SGX Virtualization <sgx_virt>`

> We also update these documents based on the **Scenario** in this release, including:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We also updated the following documents based on the **Scenario** in this release, including:
```

Author: Fixed :smile:

* :ref:`Introduction to Project ACRN <introduction>`
* :ref:`Build ACRN from Source <getting-started-building>`
* :ref:`Supported Hardware <hardware>`
* :ref:`Using Hybrid mode on NUC <using_hybrid_mode_on_nuc>`
* :ref:`Launch Two User VMs on NUC using SDC2 Scenario <using_sdc2_mode_on_nuc>`

New Features Details
********************

- :acrn-issue:`3051` - Kata Container Storage: Support rescan feature for virtio-blk
- :acrn-issue:`3163` - WaaG: USB host support

> - :acrn-issue:`3401` - When launch or reboot UOS execute "fdisk -l" to query disk information with multiple USB devices,It will be caton phenomenon

Author: I changed the word to "lag", that's kind of "The NUC is lagging".
I have also fixed the duplicates between the "New feature" and the "Fixed issue".

> - :acrn-issue:`3401` - When launch or reboot UOS execute "fdisk -l" to query disk information with multiple USB devices,It will be caton phenomenon

Reviewer: OK, thanks.  Where does the phrase "Canton phenomenon" come from?  I can't find a reference in any literature search or dictionary.

> - :acrn-issue:`3401` - When launch or reboot UOS execute "fdisk -l" to query disk information with multiple USB devices,It will be caton phenomenon

Author: I think that word maybe come from the google translate (chinese to English)...

> - :acrn-issue:`3486` - USB mediator: mediator mode can not recongnize the SSD disk in RTVM and LaaG

Author: Fixed typo both on this doc and :acrn-issue:`3486`.

- :acrn-issue:`3498` - Return extended info in vCPUID leaf 0x40000001
- :acrn-issue:`3501` - Virtualization supports Always Running Timer (ART)
- :acrn-issue:`3505` - Succeed to reboot the whole system while execute reboot command in SOS
- :acrn-issue:`3506` - OVMF release v1.2

Known Issues
************

:acrn-issue:`3465` - HV: reinit pbar base if a device reset is detected
   When a passthru pci device is reset, its physical bar base address may be reset to 0,
   with vpci bar emulation, vpci needs to reinit the physical bar base address to a
   valid address if a device reset is detected.

   **Impact:** Fail to launch Clear Linux Preempt_RT VM with ``reset`` passthru parameter

   **Workaround:** Issue resolved on ACRN tag: ``acrn-2019w33.1-140000p``

-----

:acrn-issue:`3520` - bundle of "VGPU unconformance guest" messages observed for "gvt" in SOS console while using UOS
   After the need_force_wake is not removed in course of submitting VGPU workload,
   it will print a bundle of below messages while the User VM is started.

   | gvt: vgpu1 unconformance guest detected
   | gvt: vgpu1 unconformance mmio 0x2098:0xffffffff,0x0

>    **Impact:** Mess output from the monitor

Reviewer: Do you mean "Messy output on the monitor"?

Author: Yes, I have changed it to "Messy and repetitive output from the monitor"
